fix: `CollectStackTraces::Always` does not populate Solidity test stack traces on failure (#1575)
NomicFoundation/edr: .changeset/good-crabs-allow.md

---
"@nomicfoundation/edr": patch
---

> Fix empty Solidity test stack traces when running with `CollectStackTraces::Always`.

Reviewer: style: conform to EDR changeset style
```suggestion
Fixed empty Solidity test stack trace on failure when running with `CollectStackTraces::Always`.
```

> Fix empty Solidity test stack traces when running with `CollectStackTraces::Always`.

Reviewer: Outdated
